Hostname guide improvements (#21846)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/server/hostname.adoc

When using the `hostname` option the server is going to resolve the HTTP scheme, port, and path, automatically so that:

* `https` scheme is used unless you set `hostname-strict-https=false`

> * if `proxy` option is set, the proxy is expected to use the default  ports (e.g.: 80 and 443), in case the proxy uses a different port, it needs to be specified via the `hostname-port` configuration option

Reviewer: Maybe we should somewhere here also explicitly mention the difference between proxy ports (hostname options) and actual Keycloak ports (http(s)-port options). It's covered by the newly added example but maybe it wouldn't hurt to also mention here?

Author: I would maybe add at the very end of the section (bellow the bullet points, on the line no. 52) the following note:
```
[NOTE]
====
By `hostname` and `proxy` configuration options you affect only the links with static resources, redirect URIs, well-known OIDC end-points, etc. 
In other words by setting these you do not change the actual Keycloak server behaviour. 
In order to change the server behaviour (e.g. `http-host`, `https-port`, ...), you need to use the `http/tls` configuration options. For more details, see <@links.server id="enabletls"/> and <@links.server id="all-config"/>.
====
```
Wdyt?

Reviewer: Yeah, that placement works for me. I'd just rephrase a bit maybe as we are changing KC behaviour in any case (even with hostname options) just not the ports KC listens on.

Author: Addressed in the last commit, PTAL again.

> * if `proxy` option is set, the proxy is expected to use the default  ports (e.g.: 80 and 443), in case the proxy uses a different port, it needs to be specified via the `hostname-port` configuration option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* if the `proxy` option is set, the proxy will use the default ports (i.e.: 80 and 443).  If the proxy uses a different port, it needs to be specified via the `hostname-port` configuration option
```

Author: @shawkins if I may ask, what's the rule of thumb when it comes to using e.g. vs. i.e.? There are still multiple places in within this guide, where e.g. is used. Should I fix it everywhere?

Reviewer 2: > @shawkins if I may ask, what's the rule of thumb when it comes to using e.g. vs. i.e.? There are still multiple places in within this guide, where e.g. is used. Should I fix it everywhere?
> 
> Up to this moment I've thought we use e.g. when we list examples right after it.

The usage is roughly:
- e.g. lists one or more examples out of a larger possible set.
- i.e. lists all possible values - typically a small number

Author: Got it, thanks for the clarification!

By default, the URLs for the administration console are also based on the incoming request. However, you can set a specific host or base URL if you want
to restrict access to the administration console using a specific URL. Similarly to how you set the frontend URLs, you can use the `hostname-admin` and `hostname-admin-url` options to achieve that.

> Note that if HTTPS is enabled (`http-enabled` configuration option is set to false, which is the default setting for the production mode), the Keycloak server automatically assumes you want to use HTTPS URLs. The admin console then tries to contact Keycloak over HTTPS and HTTPS URLs are also used for it's configured redirect/web origin URLs. It is not recommended, but you can use HTTP URL as `hostname-admin-url` to override this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if HTTPS is enabled (`http-enabled` configuration option is set to false, which is the default setting for the production mode), the Keycloak server automatically assumes you want to use HTTPS URLs. The admin console then tries to contact Keycloak over HTTPS and HTTPS URLs are also used for its configured redirect/web origin URLs. It is not recommended for production, but you can use HTTP URL as `hostname-admin-url` to override this behaviour.
```

.Keycloak configuration:
<@kc.start parameters="--hostname-url=https://mykeycloak:8989"/>

> === Exposing the server behind a proxy while both use their own certificates

Reviewer: I'd maybe change the title here to be more descriptive.
```suggestion
=== Exposing the server behind a TLS reencrypt proxy while Keycloak and proxy use different ports
```
WDYT?

> === Exposing the server behind a proxy while both using their own certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Exposing the server behind a proxy while both use their own certificates
```

> In this example, the server is running behind a proxy and both the server and the proxy are using their own certificates, so the communication between Keycloak and proxy is encrypted. Because we want from proxy to use its own certificate, the proxy mode `reencrypt` will be used. We need to keep in mind that the proxy configuration options (as well as hostname configuration options) are not changing the ports on which the server actually is listening on (it changes only the ports of static resources like JavaScript and CSS links, OIDC well-known endpoints, redirect URIs, etc). Therefore, we need to use HTTP configuration option in order to change the server behaviour and make Keycloak internally listening on a different port, e.g. 8543. The proxy will be listening on the port 8443 (the port visible while accessing the console via a browser). The example hostname `my-keycloak.org` will be used for the server and similarly, the admin console will be accessible via the `admin.my-keycloak.org` subdomain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the server is running behind a proxy and both the server and the proxy are using their own certificates, so the communication between Keycloak and the proxy is encrypted. Because we want the proxy to use its own certificate, the proxy mode `reencrypt` will be used. We need to keep in mind that the proxy configuration options (as well as hostname configuration options) are not changing the ports on which the server actually is listening on (it changes only the ports of static resources like JavaScript and CSS links, OIDC well-known endpoints, redirect URIs, etc). Therefore, we need to use HTTP configuration options to change the Keycloak server to internally listen on a different port, e.g. 8543. The proxy will be listening on the port 8443 (the port visible while accessing the console via a browser). The example hostname `my-keycloak.org` will be used for the server and similarly the admin console will be accessible via the `admin.my-keycloak.org` subdomain.
```

.Keycloak configuration:
<@kc.start parameters="--proxy=reencrypt --https-port=8543 --hostname-url=https://my-keycloak.org:8443 --hostname-admin-url=https://admin.my-keycloak.org:8443"/>

Note: there is currently no difference between the `passthrough` and `reencrypt` modes. For now, this is meant for future-proof configuration compatibility. The only difference is that when the `edge` proxy mode is used, HTTP is implicitly enabled (again as mentioned above, this does not affect tne server behaviour).

> WARNING: Usage any of the proxy modes makes Keycloak relied on Forwarded and X-Forwarded-* headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: Usage any of the proxy modes makes Keycloak relie on Forwarded and X-Forwarded-* headers.
```

.Keycloak configuration:
<@kc.start parameters="--hostname-url=https://mykeycloak:8989"/>

> === Exposing the server behind a TLS reencrypt proxy while Keycloak and proxy use different ports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Exposing Keycloak behind a TLS reencrypt proxy using different ports
```
